[WORKERS] fix typo in configuration/preview.mdx (#19243)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/configuration/previews.mdx

## View preview URLs on the Workers dashboard

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) and select your project.

> 2. Head to the "Deployments" tab, find the version you would like to view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the **Deployments** tab, and find the version you would like to view.
```
